Scriet Sir Chhotu Ram Institute of Engineering and Technology- Meerut Is an engineering college in campus of CHAUDHARY CHARAN SINGH UNIVERSITY.

Hon'ble Vice Chancellor Message
The pursuit of technological excellence in this highly competitive global economic environment holds the key to success of a country in its endeavour to afford good living standards to its people
Sir, Chhotu Ram institute of Engineering & Technology at Ch. Charan Singh University, Meerut offers a range of distinctive academic programmes in areas of Engineering & Technology, Management and Computer Application with the explicit objective of hamessing and cultivating the capabilities of the young minds in their respective fields
To achieve this end, we are committed to provide the best possible educational facilities to train students for career in technology and science In addition to the academic activities, the institute provides ambience for all-round development of the personality of the student through its continuous emphasis on co-currical activities like sports, academic and industrial tours and cultural and social-service activities
I hope the students joining us shall be able to make best use of the physical and human infrastructure available at the institute to realise their dreams of achieving higher levels of technological competence in their chosen specialty.

Dean Message
The world is changing faster than ever before in history 
Today we are witnessing the impact of globalization and liberalization with the technological transformation having impacted our lives The present era has many challenges and an academic institution must address these challenges 
SCRIET is committed to academic excellence, with special focus on teaching-learning process, research and holistic development of our students. We inculcate multi-disciplinary and inter-disciplinary competence and leadership skills in aspiring minds. SCRIET provides a strong base for learning where young talents are nurtured in different fields of Engineering and Technology.
We provide a vibrant learning culture and ample leadership opportunities for our students.Our cutting-edge academic programs balance theory and practice, enabling our students to become thinkers and doers.
Spacious buildings, lush green lawns, sports grounds, well equipped laboratories, rich library with e-resources for scholarly studies, and a peaceful atmosphere make learning a pleasure here. The teaching faculty members are well qualified, experienced, caring and devoted to teaching. The administrative staffs are helpful in providing the documentary & logistic support to the students.
We shape the young inquisitive minds into energetic nation building Indians.
As Dean, I have the privilege of leading the team managing the academic affairs of this faculty, a place where curiosity, compassion, and intellect combine to create breakthroughs that help us live better lives for ourselves and for the society.
I wish all the very best to the aspiring students joining this prestigious University and pray for their academic excellenceand successful career.

Director
With successful advancement towards the achievement of excellence in technology and management education, we welcome you to another year of SCRIET. Our commitment to the society and the country for providing the excellent education and esteemed career together with a lifelong connection to SCRIET family is strengthening day by day. It is the time to reflect on the relationships that will define how we, associated to an institution comprising of the Engineering, Technology and Management, can encourage a purposeful environment of belongingness and collaboration among the peers.
Our aim is to build the juvenile minds in academia and society in such a way that it ensures the overall development of the budding engineers and managers through varied extra-curricular activities accompanied with the academic performance. The vision is to nurture the abilities up to the competence levels and hence to build a strong, skillful and talented nation for bridging the gaps of Indian & global markets and also sensitize them to the current issues of the world-wide research. When our students walk through our doors, their names are added to both the University and the Nation in a valuable and pride manner. We are continuously working on developing confidence, acceptance and kindness toward one another by demolishing silos and walls. We invite you to join us and be pride of SCRIET family.

Deputy Director Message
As India is competing with the fastest growing economies of the world with its dynamic and visionary approach of a ‘New India’ to provide all round leadership to the new world, Higher professional & technological education must pay its dividend to the youngsters by shaping them to shape their country. Make in India movement, Digital India, Mudra Loan scheme, startup India, increasing foreign investments, increasing international cooperation are few among many elements which are creating a favourable eco system and emerging aspirations among youths.
With its 222 acre campus in a picturesque & prestigious university of north India, SCRIET/IBS is the only Government Engineering & Management Institute in western Uttar Pradesh. In its 24 years of existence of Institute of Business Studies and 17 year of existence of Sir Chhotu Ram Institute of Engineering and Technology, both the Institutes have made rapid strides towards their vision of being leader in science and technology education, knowledge creation and innovation, in an India marching towards a just, inclusive and sustainable society. Over 80 faculty members are active in research and teaching in several areas of engineering, sciences and humanities.
The institution believes in a well rounded and all-pervasive student experience to maximize learning opportunities. To achieve this, the institution provides the course structure that has been designed to enable the students to hone their managerial skills and get them acquainted with the new developments taking place in the industry. The pedagogical tools applied by the faculty members constantly motivate the students to be innovative, competent and creative. The learning imparted by our highly experienced faculty encourages students to inculcate in them, the values of self-reliance, which stand them in good stead in becoming successful managers and brand ambassadors of their organizations.
Nested in ecologically invigorating ambience, IBS/SCRIET, CCS University, Meerut epitomizes a modern age “Gurukul”, where talent is nurtured, groomed and launched into corporate world.
I take this opportunity to extend a personal invitation to you to visit IBS/SCRIET, CCS University, Meerut and experience the shaping of global leaders.

Rules for Branch Change
Once a Branch has been accepted by the candidate on being offered/ allotted by the admission committee during counseling, it shall NOT be changed for the entire first year.
Change of Branch permitted ONLY in the third semester, provided there are vacant seats in the branch being sought by the student, subject the following conditions :-
Students of B.Tech. Agricultural Engineering are not entitled for a change of any other Branch and vice-versa.
Change of Branch is not permitted to candidates admitted directly to second year (lateral Entry) (Third semester).
Change of Branch will be awarded on the basis of merit prepared on the percentage of total marks of first semester plus the percentage of marks of all sessionals of the second semester. If a student is absent in any sessional examinations, ZERO marks shall be counted towards the percentage. Students must have minimum 75% attendance.
A student having back in any subject cannot be eligible for change of branch, payment of fee and claim to refund.
Change of Branch will be considered if the student has paid his semester fee. For SC/ST it will be as per govt. orders.
In case of any cancellation of admission the fee will be refunded as per the new guidelines of AICTE and the policy/ rulings made by CCS University


